add API and concept docs for Vault's Agent Registry and OAuth Resource Server Config profiles (#2485)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/partials/alerts/private-preview.mdx

> <Note title="Preview feature">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Private peview feature">
```

>   This feature is currently available as a private preview. This feature is available only to select customers, and is possibly incomplete and subject to change. **We strongly discourage using preview or beta features with production workflows.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You must have the
  [appropriate activation flag](/vault/api-docs/system/activation-flags)
  and license to use private preview features. Private preview features
  may be incomplete and are subject to change.
  
  **We strongly discourage using preview or beta features with production workflows.**
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in active voice
